Update oldest articles (#4390)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/unity/troubleshooting.md

# Troubleshooting

## "File could not be read" errors

> Errors resembling the following may be safely ignored. Apple software uses a proprietary PNG extension called CgBI, which Unity does not recognize. These errors will affect neither your iOS build nor the proper display of the associated images in the Braze bundle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Errors resembling the following may be safely ignored. Apple software uses a proprietary PNG extension called CgBI, which Unity does not recognize. These errors will not affect your iOS build or the proper display of the associated images in the Braze bundle.
```
